# tag<TAB>domain_or_substring
official   whitehouse.gov
official   justice.gov
official   cia.gov
official   dni.gov
official   nsa.gov
official   congress.gov
official   govinfo.gov
official   sec.gov
official   supremecourt.gov
official   ca9.uscourts.gov

propaganda apnews.com
propaganda reuters.com
propaganda nytimes.com
propaganda cnn.com
propaganda foxnews.com
propaganda msnbc.com
propaganda theguardian.com
propaganda bbc.com
propaganda politico.com
propaganda axios.com
propaganda usatoday.com
propaganda nbcnews.com

independent dailywire.com
independent nypost.com
independent breitbart.com
independent zerohedge.com
independent substack.com
independent rumble.com
independent bitchute.com
independent thegrayzone.com
independent scheerpost.com
independent theintercept.com

state_media aljazeera.com
state_media rt.com
state_media cgtn.com
state_media xinhua
